Androbot is a very ambidexterous flying robot. Its body hinges and moves at the 
joints. Unfortunately, it is not very rugged, and falls apart easily.

This is a manned version of the android robot, and is useful mainly for sentry 
and/or loading and unloading purposes. It is largely useless on the battlefield 
when compared to its larger sibling, mainly due to its relatively lighter armor 
and lack of shielding. It is also not equipped for flight.

This Small Shuttle is a basic take-off and re-entry vehicle meant to ferry 
passengers between ground and orbital stations. With the aid of twin solid 
booster rockets and a fuel tank (attached to the underbelly of the fuselage, as 
per NASA's Space Shuttle) the vehicle can ascend into space and later re-enter 
the atmosphere under its own power. Unlike the Space Shuttle, the vehicle can 
land at any conventional airport. This shuttle has the capacity for a pilot and 
three crew members, or limited cargo.

Salt Flats Speeder is a record-breaking racer that cruises the salt lakes of 
Utah. This small, compact racing craft is great fun for anyone who loves the 
thrill of the Earth moving under him/her at high speeds. Twin propellors are 
powered by engines taken from an World War II-era P52 Mustang. The body's 
sleek, aerodynamic design and carbon-fiber construction allow for high speeds 
and little drag (...or letting go of the throttle!)

Red Devil Racer can make its way on the road, off the road, or through any 
barrier you might place in its path. Whether man-made or natural, no obstacle 
is too much for this vehicular beast!

A small yellow château—or small, luxurious summer home—tucked away in a well-
kept and picturesque area surrounded by woodland.

This high-security plutonium lab and refining facility doesn't exist. That is, 
it doesn't exist officially! It's been underwritten by questionable sources, 
and is being used for questionable purposes. It can't be traced through any 
records or documents, and anyone who knows of its existence or precise location 
quickly disappears.

An old carriage house that has been converted into a doctor's office and fire 
station. Vehicles are able to pull in and park into spaces at ground level. 
There is also a lounge area and dormitory on the second floor for the use of 
the two separate offices.

Shiny, happy people laughing...
Meet me in the crowd...
People, people...
Throw your love around...
Love me, love me...
Take it into town...
Happy, happy...
Put it in the ground...
